History tutorial update (#4846)
galaxyproject/training-material: topics/galaxy-interface/tutorials/history/tutorial.md

> clear you sessions - that history will be lost!** We can not recover it for you if it is.
{: .warning}

## Global history controls

Above the current history panel are three buttons (Fig. 2 below): 

- The {% icon new-history %} "**Create new history**" button will create an empty history.
- The {% icon switch-histories %} "**Switch to history**" will open a dialog letting you easily swap to any of your other histories.
- The {% icon galaxy-history-options %} "**History options**" (formerly the {% icon galaxy-gear %} "Gear menu") gives you access to advanced options to work with your history.

![Zoom of the history panel showing the word history, three buttons described above this image, the search datasets field, and the history name with edit control.](../../images/current-history-buttons.png "Global history controls are located above the history panel.")

> ### {% icon new-history %} "**Create new history**"

Reviewer: This is a nice idea, that'll make the icons more visible.

![Buttons for figuring out history size, selecting storage location, and controlling views](../../../../shared/images/history_size_storage_views.png "Using these buttons one can obtain an information about history's disk footpring, change storage options, and control dataset views.")

> <warning-title>Some buttons are instance-specific</warning-title>

> > The list of buttons shown above may vary depending on which Galaxy instance you are using. For example, at the tim eof writing the **Preferred storage** {% icon galaxy-history-storage-choice %} button is only available on https://usegalaxy.org.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The list of buttons shown above may vary depending on which Galaxy instance you are using. For example, at the time of writing the **Preferred storage** {% icon galaxy-history-storage-choice %} button is only available on https://usegalaxy.org.
```
